# Environment variables

List and overview of environment variables.

## ADAGUC_TRACE_TIMINGS

- TRUE: Measure timings like how much amount is spent on database queries, fileaccess and image generation
- FALSE: off.

The information logged and made available in a header named `x-trace-timings`. 

## ADAGUC_ENABLELOGBUFFER

Controls behaviour of logstream buffer:
- FALSE (unset / default): unbuffered output with live logging, but can have a slower service as effect
- TRUE: buffered logging
- DISABLELOGGING: no logging at all

## ADAGUC_PATH

The root directory of the adaguc-server code base. Used to read data files like legend definitions and fonts. Defaults to `pwd`

## ADAGUC_DATASET_DIR

The directory for dataset configuration xml files. Defaults to `/data/adaguc-datasets`

## ADAGUC_DATA_DIR

The directory where data files are places, for example realtime updates of NetCDF files. Defaults to `/data/adaguc-data`

## ADAGUC_AUTOWMS_DIR

A sandbox directory where you can place your NetCDF, PNG, CSV or HDF5 files. A WMS service will be autogenerated and you can browse and preview the data and its containing variables. defaults to `/data/adaguc-autowms`

## ADAGUC_CONFIG

The location of the main server configuration file. Defaults to `${ADAGUC_PATH}/python/lib/adaguc/adaguc-server-config-python-postgres.xml`

## ADAGUC_NUMPARALLELPROCESSES

The amount of parallel processes the adaguc-server should use. Defaults to `4`

## ADAGUC_DB

The PostGres database configuration. Defaults to `"user=adaguc password=adaguc host=localhost `dbname=adaguc"

## ADAGUC_TMP

The temporary directory where adaguc-server can write temporary files.

###  ADAGUC_LOGFILE 

File where log messages will be stored


## ADAGUC_FONT 

A default TTF font location for print fonts in imagery. E.gFreeSans.ttf.

## ADAGUC_ONLINERESOURCE 

optional, specify the online resource in the CGI script itself, see [OnlineResource](configuration/OnlineResource.md) to configure in    

## PGBOUNCER_ENABLE 	

Enable or disable the usage of PostgreSQL connection pooling by PGBouncer. Default: true.

## PGBOUNCER_DISABLE_SSL 	

If PGBouncer is used, disable the usage of SSL. Default: true.